Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
DORM
I still remember the first time I left home.
It was a Sunday afternoon...
that felt both hectic and lonely.
It was the last day...
of the mid-term break for me
and my seventh grade friends.
It felt like the last day of freedom...
A freedom we'd come to enjoy during our vacation.
Stop crying!
You didn't get any work done over vacation.
One thing I felt that...
I'd never come to terms with is...
- How do you want it cut. handsome?
- Crew cut.
the last day of vacation...
Even so...
some of us can't wait for school to re-open...
because it means being
reunited with our friends.
Except for me.
Hey! Stop pressing the buttons!
Jaew! Pen! Take good care of the house!
Yes. ma'am.
You know. we could've waited for Ton...
to finish 7th grade before
transferring him to another school.
The sudden move is a shock for me as well.
Listen. this isn't open for discussion. understand?
Ton's new school is up-country right. Dad?
Yes. it's in Chonburi. son.
Where will he sleep?
In the school dormitory.
They have everything there.
Remember. son. a man
must be able to live anywhere.
Are we almost there?
No. we have to cross the Bangpakong River first.
Hurry up and make a wish. Toh!
If you hold your breath as we cross the bridge...
whatever you wish for will come true.
Really. Mom?
But don't cheat and sneak a breath first.
Ton. hold your breath too.
What did you wish for?
For Dad to send me to boarding school with Ton.
How about you. Ton?
Saichon Witaya School
Toh. play around here. okay?
Student Dormitory
Good afternoon. Teacher.
I'm Miss Pranee...
the dorm master for junior high boys.
This must be Chatree.
Yes. ma'am.
Parents. please wait here.
Chatree. follow me. please.
Don't dilly dally now.
Hey. it's a new kid.
Where's he from?
He seems like a troublemaker.
This is your bed.
Go collect your blanket.
Make sure to make your bed every morning.
Every boy must take care of himself here.
No one will serve you or
pamper you like you were at home.
Dad has written your name on everything.
Study hard. son.
Don't get into trouble. okay?
Please keep an eye on him.
I will.
Don't be so noisy.
Chatree. follow me.
Dinner is served at 6 p.m.
Everyone must eat on time.
This is your seat. Sit down.
Next term. I'm sending Ton to boarding school.
Why the sudden decision to send him away?
Mother...
this new school has high
standards and a good reputation...
unlike his current school.
The kids don't study hard enough.
Before exams. they play around and watch TV.
But they still get good grades.
That means the school has low standards.
This is Chatree.
Your new classmate.
Chatree will board here and study with us...
starting from this term.
Go take your seat.
Chatree. Master Peng is calling.
My name's Peng.
That's Dr. Nui.
This idiot is Sarote.
That ass is Pok.
I'm Toei.
What's your name?
Chatree.
His name's Chatree.
Okay. Chatree.
Are you scared of ghosts?
Of course. why wouldn't he be?
I'm not asking you. idiot.
Are you scared of ghosts?
Good. As we've been here longer...
we're gonna tell you the history of our school.
I just found out myself.
I'm sure you guys haven't heard it.
A senior told me that...
one of the cooks had a beautiful daughter.
She was the crush of every boy in the school.
But one day...
she hung herself...
from a Po tree.
No one knew why she suddenly killed herself.
When the police conducted an autopsy...
they discovered that she was...
four months pregnant.
A pregnant ghost is the nastiest kind around.
The story goes. a group of senior boys...
wanted to find out the truth.
One... two... three...
What did they see?
No need to go to the Po tree.
There are ghosts in the dorm.
Someone once saw an old man...
walking around the dorms at night.
At first. no one knew who he was.
But when they looked in old yearbooks...
they found out that...
he used to be the dorm master.
You've got the chills. Master Peng.
Hey... bugger off.
Have you guys ever noticed...
that if you pee in the bathroom at night...
it seems like you're not alone.
Remember...
Any night the dogs howl in unison...
stay away from the bathrooms.
Hey. do you guys know...
why our school had to build a new swimming pool?
Because a student drowned himself...
in the old pool behind the school.
Did you know...
he was in 7th grade just like us?
Most importantly...
he used to board in this dorm.
So they shut down the pool years ago.
A senior told me that...
Miss Pranee almost went mad.
Yeah. that's when she became weird.
And she still hasn't recovered.
Do you know how weird she is?
Have you seen the old record player in her office?
She likes to listen to this one sappy love song.
It gives me the creeps.
One day...
someone saw...
Miss Pranee staring and crying at an open drawer.
To this day...
nobody knows...
what the hell is in that drawer.
Maybe there's a magic genie.
Magic genie. my ass.
After awhile...
you'll see for yourself. Chatree.
I bet that...
Miss Pranee had something
to do with the boy's death.
And that boy's ghost is a vicious one.
Anyone who slept in his bed...
was kicked out of it every night.
Finally. they had to put the bed in the storage.
But...
I saw the janitor bring his
bed out from the storage today.
Boys!
Bed time is for sleeping.
Anyone who can't wake up tomorrow...
will get whacked.
Hey... the new kid wet his bed!
All grown up and still wetting his bed.
The new boy wet his bed!
Damn it!
Hey... if you hang it up that way...
it'll just fall to the ground.
The clothesline is a battle zone.
If you're going to make space you have to be tricky.
And you only need one pair of bathing shorts.
One pair will suffice.
Or else every pair will get moldy.
Hey. do you guys smell something?
No...
That's not it.
I know. It reeks of his piss.
I see all the ghost stories
made you wet your pants.
Make fun of the new boy. everyone.
Pok. why are you laughing?
Your mouth stinks pretty bad as well.
Is it broken?
I don't know. Maybe I can fix it.
You know how to fix it?
I'm not sure but I'll try.
can I try playing it?
Sure.
Chatree. you have a phone call.
It's your dad.
Chatree Anantpitisuk. your
father is on the dormitory phone.
I brought you some sweets.
Don't let me catch you again.
If you get bad grades this year...
I'll really punish you.
Chatree isn't here right now.
Would you like to leave a message?
No. that's okay. I'll call back another day.
Thank you.
Hey... who's there!
Open the door!
Asshole. just wait until I get out!
Hey!
Open the door!
That was awesome.
Just a few ghost tales and he peed his pants.
What a sucker!
Hey. open it please.
Hey...
Woke up late?
Yeah.
You're real curious about Miss Pranee. aren't you?
Watch out. okay.
Sure.
Do you know why Miss Pranee's so weird?
There are lots of theories.
Worst of all are the ghost stories.
They're not true.
Been here long?
Yeah. why?
No reason.
You seem to know it all.
Of course I do!
Don't you know I'm
Vichien 'Know-It-All' Chumchong!
Hurry up and take a bath.
Miss Pranee is coming down.
Before we go down for breakfast...
I have something to say.
This is a school not a graveyard.
I want you to stop telling
ghost stories to scare each other.
If I catch anyone engaging in such nonsense...
don't say you weren't warned.
Chatree. wait up!
What are you daydreaming about?
Have you ever snuck out of school?
Where to?
Home. of course.
What for?
School is more fun than home.
No parents to tell you what to do.
Fun as hell. it is.
It's hard at first but you'll get used to it.
No. I won't.
Do you see what I see?
Geese?
Look again.
Oh... there are goose eggs!
Calm down. little bro.
Geese are really protective of their eggs.
If you want to steal them...
there's only one way.
Hurry up. man.
Hurry up!
Hurry!
I got them!
Chatree...
your father's on the phone.
Hold on. please.
Yes.
I'll see you later. okay.
Sure.
Chatree. grab a seat for us
in the courtyard after dinner.
There's an outdoor film screening tonight.
Have you watched Hungry Ghost 1. 2 & 3?
Of course.
Part 1 had the female ghost.
part 2 the child ghost. right?
You've got it wrong.
Part 3 had the female ghost. part 1 the child ghost.
No. part 2 was the girl and part 3 was the kid.
I told you part 3 was the girl...
Part 1 was the girl. part 2 the kid.
Part 3 was the girl. part 1 was the kid.
Muay Kia. you're so beautiful today.
Where'd you go?
Here. swallow this pubic hair...
and chant the 8 Points of the Compass Mantra...
to exact revenge on your enemy.
It's so frizzy.
Can I eat your two buns?
May the force be with me...
Go insane. go insane. go insane...
My hands...
they're moving on their own.
You pervert!
Muay Kia... what happened?
The mantra has come loose.
The ghost is free!
Help!
Help me. please!
Hey! It's grabbing my leg!
Open the door!
Stick it up his ass.
You idiot. that's off limits.
Help me!
Help me! Help me!
Don't pass out. How can you do this?
It's not very nice of you.
Everyone hold your breath.
Hey...
Where'd you go?
Are you scared of me?
Really. I'm not lying.
I saw a ghost.
I swear to god.
It looked like...
He looked just like one of us.
Sure. Now you have ghost stories to share.
Don't forget Miss Pranee's warning...
that telling ghost stories will get you punished.
You're really asking for it. aren't you?
Right now...
...can you still see the ghost?
Since I stood up at the screening...
I haven't seen him.
Do you guys think it's the
kid who drowned in the pool?
Maybe he's looking for a friend.
Dr. Nui. how can you believe him?
Are you delirious?
You should get some rest until your fever subsides.
I bet he wets his bed again tonight.
Chatree...
Daydreaming again?
Have you finished your homework?
Yes. sir.
Then open your textbook.
Chatree Anantpitisuk. your
father is on the dorm phone.
Chatree...
your father called to say that...
he can't pick you up this weekend.
Here... I fixed it.
You wanted to borrow it. right?
Know what?
We have a lot in common. you know?
No one cares about either of us.
Try playing it.
I don't know how.
Really? Need me to teach you?
I'll show you how.
You need to avoid this guy.
Turn right. Turn right.
Go down. Turn left.
Master Peng... Master Peng!
What?
What's up?
Who's Chatree talking to?
Here. you need to avoid these guys.
Shit. he's gone off the deep end.
What's strange about that?
I talk to myself all the time.
Isn't your dad picking you up?
No. I'm not going home this weekend.
When's your dad coming to pick you up?
He stopped to make a delivery first.
He's on his way.
Um... right now...
can you still see the ghost?
Why do you ask?
I want to see it too.
If you see it again...
you can tell me about it.
I like ghosts.
My dad's here.
Utain's Coffins
See you later.
Hey... what's this button for?
What a novice. Here...
I'll show you.
See... walk... jump...
Jump.
Hah! You're dead.
Remember the first night you wet your bed?
Are you making fun of me?
No. I have something to admit.
Ready?
You were the one who spooked
me. Vichien! What the heck.
I didn't mean to. Who told you
to get up to go to the bathroom?
Can I have more dessert. please?
Is something wrong with the food?
The food is great.
Hey beautiful. can I have more dessert. please?
Eat a lot so you grow up quickly. okay.
Mom... I have to go rehearse
for Sports Day at school.
I'm off. then.
Hey...
she's mine. okay?
Why are you bringing me here?
Well... you said you wanted
to grow up quickly. right?
Here... this is my treasure trove.
Ah... the art of war...
an illustrated guide to becoming a man.
Hey... what was he called in for?
Do you have anything to say for yourself?
I bet she lashes him black and blue.
I think a stickler like Miss Pranee...
will punish him and call in his parents.
This happens every year.
Next time. don't do this again. okay?
You're excused.
He's coming out.
Hey... what happened?
Nothing. She let me off.
Wow.
How come?
How long has Miss Pranee taught here?
A long time.
Even before I went to school here.
Why do you ask?
No reason.
Are you sure there's a way out around here?
Just follow me. okay.
Hey. are you sure about this?
Been thinking long...
as I watched you all along...
for so long that you knew. knew yourself...
that someone was watching you...
Watching you all the time...
I ask myself...
what I have to offer.
Why I keep watching you?
Could I be in love with you?
Hey...
how did you get here?
Namtarn. can I take a picture with you?
One... two... three...
Thank you.
Want to take a picture?
Can you hold my baton?
Okay. I'm ready.
Big smile. okay?
Your cheeks look like they're going to burst.
Okay... one... two... three...
Hey. can I ask you something?
Shoot.
How did you die?
I died of old age.
Damn it... I'm serious.
Wait a sec... I have to pee.
Want to know...
...why I got sent here mid-term?
Hey. it's already 6 p.m.
Let's hurry back.
Vichien. wait up!
Chatree Anantpitisuk. your
father's waiting at the dormitory.
Pen. follow me downstairs.
Don't worry. Everyone's asleep
Where have you been?
What have you been up to?
Why did you do this? Tell me where you've been!
Don't let me catch you again!
Did you hear me? Don't do this ever again!
...though we are apart
...I can still feel your heart
...in my embrace.
We once loved each other...
Chatree...
Miss Pranee asked me to bring this to you.
Here. your father left this for you.
Hey. where'd you go? Your dad was here.
Yeah? Well. where did you disappear to?
You said no one cares about you.
How about yourself?
Do you care about anyone else but yourself?
If you've got something good.
you should share it with us.
Why do I have to share it?
Come on... because we're buddies.
Friends always share with friends. right?
Let's be friends. okay?
I bet the new boy's a faggot.
Why?
I dunno. He seems like a fairy.
I bet he reads gay porn.
That's why he won't share.
No wonder Miss Pranee let him off lightly.
And kept the porn for herself.
Pok. lend me your sima lotion.
I'm getting a rash again.
Here you go.
Damn! Do you have balls like a dinosaur?
How come it's all gone?
Nui. do you have any?
No. but I have formalin. Want some?
Save it for your dad!
Want it?
Err... thanks.
Hold on.
Do you have any sima lotion?
Pol. Capt. Vichai Chumchong
Sentenced to Prison for Corruption
His Family Pleads for Mercy from the Judge
Pol. Capt. Vichai Chumchong
sentenced to 25 years in prison...
Chatree. your mom's on the phone.
Mom?
Ton. it's your father.
Umm... Ton...
I asked Pen to move out of our house. okay?
How come you never pick
up the phone when I call?
If you think that I sent you away because of Pen...
then you're wrong.
Umm... how do you like your new school?
Vichien
You have to stay here every night...
because I'm sleeping in your bed. right?
Did he faint?
No. I think he sniffed the ether
used to knock out the rabbits.
Don't crowd him. Back off. boys.
Fan him so he gets some air.
He's regaining consciousness.
He's not dead. He's not dead.
It's like I died and came back to life.
Liar. You were only out for a few seconds.
But I really felt like I died.
And I had trouble breathing.
And everything was dark.
And I saw...
Wow. I can't believe it!
If anyone wants to know...
what lies beyond death...
feel free to consult me.
Hey. fatso... nobody gives a
shit where your spirit went!
I'm getting hungry.
What the...!
Vichien! Don't jump!
Now you know...
how I died. right?
Why did you drown yourself?
Who said I drowned myself?
It's more stupid than that.
That day...
we didn't want to stop swimming.
It was getting dark.
Help!
Help me!
Hey! Tira is drowning!
Where'd he go?
Idiots! I fooled you!
You were faking it? That's pretty funny.
Did you do your homework yet?
I forgot. It's due first period too.
Help me!
Hey... Vichien is drowning.
Go ahead and save him.
But he could be faking it.
Help me!
Hey. it's 6 p.m. Let's head back.
Let's go.
Hey. I'm leaving now.
Then how come they say that...
Miss Pranee was related to your death?
You read that newspaper. right?
It's about my father.
Miss Pranee didn't want me to find out.
Vichien!
What are you doing?
Who gave you permission to enter?
Come here.
Why did you do this? Why?
I'll hit you until I break your hand.
I just wanted to read the news about my father.
Unfortunately. Miss Pranee caught me first.
Miss Pranee. Vichien hasn't
returned to the dorm yet.
Before my accident...
I managed to sneak back
in to steal the newspaper.
Ever since then...
Miss Pranee has thought that my death...
was her fault.
But how come you have to drown...
over and over like this?
I don't know.
How much longer will you be stuck like this?
I don't know myself.
But it's really cold at the bottom.
See... didn't I tell you...
that it must be the boy who drowned in the pool.
I've seen ghosts like this before.
At my old house...
a motorcycle crashed
rounding the corner one night.
The driver flew off his bike and died instantly.
After that...
I'd hear the same motorbike...
skid around the corner almost every night.
As if the spirit hadn't been reborn yet...
so it had to re-enact it's death...
over and over.
What then?
We moved the heck out of there.
No...
How do we help the spirits get reborn...
so they stop re-enacting their own deaths?
Ghosts and humans occupy separate worlds.
To help a ghost you must be a ghost.
To be a ghost. you have to die first.
Unless you can split your spirit from your body.
Are you crazy?
Why would you want to die?
Ton...
swear that you won't do it.
Hey. promise me.
Dr. Nui. what the hell are you looking at?
Something's wrong with Chatree.
He seems strange.
Shit. the other day you said he wasn't strange.
I know.
But today he seems strange.
Maybe...
he's going to jump off the building.
How the hell can he jump through the grille?
Can you see that water tank?
I've climbed to the top before.
The view is even nicer from up there.
I'll take you there someday.
Chatree has disappeared.
Playing during dinner again?
You'll see... I'll teach you a lesson.
Hey. Chatree! Chatree!
Chatree. are you okay?
Chatree. wake up!
Killed himself. right?
No.
I think he split his spirit from his body.
What are you talking about?
Splitting spirits from what?
He told me himself...
that he wanted to help his
friend that drowned in the pool.
I suggested he could if
he split his spirit from his body.
Trust me...
we have to take him to the old pool.
Miss Pranee. Chatree killed himself.
Vichien's drowning!
Help me!
Here!
What's that for?
You idiot! To break the lock!
What do we do now?
You told me that no one cares about you.
How about yourself?
Do you care about anyone else but yourself?
Hey... let me out!
Are you still mad at your friends...
for not saving you from drowning?
No. I'm not mad anymore.
How about you?
Do you still want to run away from school?
No. not anymore.
If I did. I would run straight to Namtarn's embrace.
Hey. hey... I know what you're thinking.
Don't get me started! I saw
the way you looked at her. too.
I've had my heart set on her for years.
When will we go visit her again?
Hey... Ton...
I've got to leave now.
Hey... Chatree is coming to.
Chatree! Chatree is coming to.
Are you okay. Chatree?
Chatree. are you okay? Chatree...
How are you. Chatree?
You're fine now.
Hey... he's come to already?
Miss Pranee. Chatree is fine now.
I never knew our school was this big.
Why are you so amazed by the size of our school?
I know from experience.
Miss Pranee made me run
around the school before.
Tears are falling from my eyes.
You're the one who's going to fall.
Okay. calm down.
I was only kidding.
Hey. Ton...
why didn't you tell Miss Pranee
the truth about Vichien?
Yeah. instead of letting us all get punished.
I don't think she'd believe me.
But... we all believe you.
If you happen to see another ghost...
feel free to consult me. okay?
But don't consult me. okay?
Let me be the first one to consult you then.
Why the heck do you speak with a lisp?
Chatree Anantpitisuk. please meet
your parents in the dorm.
I guess I'm off.
See you guys next year.
Good luck. man.
Good luck.
Ton. take me to see the swimming pool. please!
Be patient. Toh. Let him pack his things first.
Okay. but then can we see it?
Yes. dear.
Have you been eating enough food?
You've gotten darker.
And lost weight as well.
You've been playing outdoors too much. right?
Mom. you're embarrassing me.
Why be embarrassed?
When you're older I won't get to hug you anymore.
Toh. stay around here. okay.
Let's get your bags. dear.
Dad...
I like this school now.
Miss Pranee...
Vichien didn't kill himself.
His drowning was really an accident.
Vichien asked me to apologize...
for breaking your record player that day.
He knows that...
you were concerned about him.
Thank you. Miss Pranee...
for always taking care of us.
See you next year. Miss Pranee.
I still remember the first
day my father took me home.
It was a Friday afternoon much like any other.
But something had changed inside of me.
That term. I only grew two centimeters.
It'll be a while before I'm a grown man.
Being friends with Vichien
has taught me many things.
I didn't know...
what adventures the next term had in store.
But I knew that wanted to rejoin my gang of friends.
Because I've learned that
with one close friend by your side...
even the worst things in life...
will eventually pass...
in just one short breath.
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-